this is chris burrman / screen android
community today we're going to take a
let a couple device kyocera we're going
out here is the kyocera rise this device
comes with ice cream sandwich it is
extremely inexpensive whenever you gonna
buy it on auto carrier anywhere in the
United States once it comes out and the
thing that you want to look at here
besides the flip out keyboard look at
that cook first you got nice to their
looks rather like keyboards they have in
the past very nice if you just start
typing it will go straight to a search
there it's pretty nice we head back out
you see if we have phone buttons around
here and then back of it looks like this
great plane we have this silvery bitten
right here it's not just to keep it on
you have a lady flashed through point 2
megapixel camera speaker on the top you
have your headphone jack and power on
this side see that we do have facet of
buttons down here these are ice cream
sandwich you know the sort of things
that you see normally on the screen we
get your recent tasks and go to a menu
there as well but then you also have
this feature which is a eco eco boost
you tap that it'll go to eco mode and
they'll save your power up so you're
able to you know work a lot longer with
this device in the field so this is one
of two ice cream sandwich devices
one is over here this is the gift Sarah
hydro this device is waterproof it is
real it has it also has a custom ii net
user interface just like the last time I
just looked at you can unlock it like
that as you can see it looks a little
gingerbread II but it is indeed Ice
Cream Sandwich there it has a nice
relatively small display here it's kind
of low megapixel sort of blurry if you
are not blurry but you know Pixley if
you're used too much bigger device you
also have the same server controls as
you can see it has a whole room of
facebook i just switched that by the way
the newest version doesn't have these
icons network you also have menu button
there and go to recent tasks and pulled
away slips in your hand top you have us
beat cover you get a peplum Jacke
they're back with a nice solid plastic
baggie got a lock down here so you can
pop it back off I'm not 3.2 megapixel
camera and the flash and that's
essentially it up
you